Introduction
Our privacy policy will help you understand what information we collect at One Percenters, how One Percenters uses it, and what choices you have. One Percenters built the One Percenters app as a free app. This SERVICE is provided by One Percenters at no cost and is intended for use as is. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible in our website, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use
Please note that while our app itself does not collect any personal information, Google AdMob, our advertising partner, may collect and use certain data for personalized advertising. For more information about how Google collects and uses data through AdMob, please refer to Google's Privacy Policy for Partners (or AdMob's privacy policy).

Cookies
We do not use cookies.

Location Information
We do not collect location informations.

Device Information
We do not collect device informations.

Service Providers
We may use third-party services, such as Google AdMob, to serve advertisements within our app. These services may collect and use certain data for personalized advertising. For more information about how Google AdMob collects and uses data, please refer to Google's Privacy Policy for Partners or AdMob's privacy policy.

Security

Children’s Privacy
Please note that while our app itself does not collect any personal information, Google AdMob, our advertising partner, may collect and use certain data for personalized advertising. For more information about how Google collects and uses data through AdMob, please refer to Google's Privacy Policy for Partners (or AdMob's privacy policy).

Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Contact Information:
Email: [airakazdev12@gmail.com]
